Definitions:

storetype 
    The storetype option allows the user to specify the type of keystore from which the user is obtaining an X.509 identity to construct the new IDP resource . If this value is the string WIN, then the store type is assumed to be the local machine's Windows Certificate Store and no path/URI to a keystore file is needed. The default storetype is PKCS12. 

password 
    The password option allows the user to specify on the command line the password used to access the credential or keystore indicated. 

alias 
    If the alias flag is given, then the subsequent pattern string refers to a keystore alias rather than a certificate common name. If this flag is absent, then the pattern given us assumed to be a value of the certificates CN. 

pattern 
    The pattern option allows the user to specify a substring of either an alias, or CN for the desired certificate. If this option is given, then the keystore indicated will be searched for a certificate whose CN, or alias, matches the pattern (contains the pattern as a substring). If this option is not given, then the command will list all certificates available and prompt the user to pick one. 

validMillis
    This option allows the user to specify, in milliseconds, the duration of time for which the new identity provider resource will be valid. The default value is 180 days. 

keystore URL 
    The keystore URL argument is a valid URI which describes the path to the keystore to use for loading the source credential. This URI can be any valid URI that describes a file to be read in, or it can be simply a local file system path. If the URI has a protocol of rns:, then RNS space is used to located the keystore. Further, if the path given is an RNS path, then the target indicated may either be a ByteIO compliant file whose contents are an appropriately formatted keystore, or the target resource can be an existing IDP resource. 

IDP-service-path
    The RNS path to the IDP web-service (and thus which GenesisII container) within which the new IDP resource is to be placed. 

new-IDP-name
    The string name of the new IDP resource to be created. 

Description:

The IDP-creation tool allows you to create an identity-provider resource (IDP) from which users can obtain credentials (i.e., login to). There are generally two different scenarios for creating new IDP resources:

    * As a token issuer of an existing X.509 identity that has been delegated to it for an extended period of time. (Similar to MyProxy.)
    * As a token issuer of a new identity (corresponding to the X.509 identity of the newly-created IDP service) 

When obtaining credentials from a keystore to construct a new IDP resource from, the --pattern option allows the user to indicate which credential should be retrieved (otherwise you will be prompted to make a selection). If the keystore uses aliases to organize keys, the --alias option should be used in conjunction with the --pattern option.

The newly created IDP resource is linked inside the <IDP-service-path> with the name <new-IDP-name>, and can be further linked elsewhere into rns-space for convenience.

Notes:

After using the IDP tool to create your new IDP resource, you may want to configure it to accept a username-password for its login operation (also known as the "issue" operation). For example, to add a username-password challenge to an IDP resource, use:

chmod "/containers/<container>/Services/X509AuthnPortType/<new-IDP-name>"
	+x --username=<username-challenge> [--password=<password-challenge>]

You can add the identity that is brokered by an IDP resource into the ACLs for other resources by using the chmod tool on those resources.

Code:

Implementing Class 
    edu.virginia.vcgr.genii.client.cmd.tools.IdpTool 
