Definitions:

storetype 
    The storetype option allows the user to specify the type of keystore that the user is logging in with. If this value is the string WIN, then the store type is assumed to be the local machine's Windows Certificate Store. Otherwise, the store type is a file (local, or grid) of the indicated format. The default storetype is PKCS12. 

password 
    The password option allows the user to specify on the command line the password used to access the credential or keystore indicated. 

alias 
    If the alias flag is given, then the subsequent pattern string refers to a keystore alias rather than a certificate common name. If this flag is absent, then the pattern given us assumed to be a value of the certificates CN. 

pattern 
    The pattern option allows the user to specify a substring of either an alias, or CN for the desired certificate. If this option is given, then the keystore indicated will be searched for a certificate whose CN, or alias, matches the pattern (contains the pattern as a substring). If this option is not given, then the command will list all certificates available and prompt the user to pick one. 

validDuration 
    This option allows the user to specify a duration string which indicates the duration of time for which the login session (delegate credential) will be valid. The default value is 7 days. 

keystore URL 
    The keystore URL argument is a valid URI which describes the path to the keystore to use for loading the source credential. This URI can be any valid URI that describes a file to be read in, or it can be simply a local file system path. If the URI has a protocol of rns:, then RNS space is used to located the keystore. Further, if the path given is an RNS path, then the target indicated may either be a ByteIO compliant file whose contents are an appropriately formatted keystore, or the target resource can be an instance of the IDP service. 

username 
    The username option allows the user to specify a valid login name to use. If this option exists in conjunction with an rns: URI to an IDP instance, then the username is assumed to be a username to use so that the user can be authenticated to that IDP instance (i.e., to log in to it). Otherwise, the assumption is that the user is simply logging in with a username/password token as his or her credential. 

password 
    Similar to username, the password option allows the user to specify a valid password for logging in. Also, just as in the case of the username option, if the target is an IDP service instance, then the password is used to authenticate to that service instance. If this isn't true, then the password becomes part of the username/password credential token. 

Description:

The login tool allows users of the Genesis II system to acquire a set of credentials that will the be used for authentication and authorization purposes. This tool is very flexible in terms of the types and sources of credentials that it can use. In the case where login has no parameters at all, the tool assumes a set of reasonable defaults and prompts the user for only a minimal set of values with which to log in. For most users, this version of the tool should suffice.

Notes:

Credentials are given a "Not Valid Before" timestamp of 15 minutes prior. This is to accomodate a reasonable amount of clock skew within the Grid. Therefore setting the "validDuration" option with a value smaller than 15 minutes is not recommended.

Code:

Implementing Class 
    edu.virginia.vcgr.genii.client.cmd.tools.LoginTool 
